yes and royal is a public company listed
in stopple it was founded in order to
develop the technology that I patented
to recycle waste waste material made
from hydrocarbons and also to take care
of heavier oils natural its village and
other waste material back into it to oil
a suitable raw matthias what we call so
it's M heavy oil had been dumped over
many years in the oil-producing
countries we also got mountains of
plastic that goes into landfill in the
Western world awful lot of times the
billion ties in Western world it's
wasted every year we've all got ma TN
for this technology and here you see
mixture of hospital waste that we're
processing although they are obviously
also destroying all medically dangerous
substances and this is in essence how it
works it goes in through feed system
screw conveyors pushing it into a system
that feeds it into the reactor we are
adding the bit of catalyst different
catalysts for different materials and
depending on what we want to achieve in
reactor we are adding a bit of no
silicates and and we fluidized bed
creates the energy the heat by friction
and we have a large surface area that
transmits the energy into the
hydrocarbon chains that we want to break
here is a reactor where the process
takes place it takes only fractions of
seconds to start the cracking over
carbon-carbon bonds so we get the oil
back and the oil is vaporized due to the
high temperature and goes out through
the system IND to a conversating unit
but condensed back into oil as it were
made from to start with okay and here we
go to a conversating unit where the oil
simply comes out here
to the tank form and that's how we
convert waste that goes into landfill to
a useful energy in this process we have
no release into the environment
whatsoever everything is recycled from
tires way to get about 500 kilo but on
tires we are feeding from rewards are
getting 350 kilo carbon black was a
commodity under 50 kilo of scrap steel
also commodity from a mixed plastic
plastic getting about 90% from Antone
900 kilo of oil and depends on what a
heads were might be metals and other
things that comes out of it from the
waist benefit of this process is that
it's a very economically viable we are
producing oil at price depending on all
situations but less than half of a world
price for oil so it's a pace to clean up
the environment well here we got some of
all materials that we've been processing
first we go tires as you been looking at
today probably make quite a good light
oil as you can see here and we're also
getting the carbon black bank which it's
also a commodity we got here we got the
mixture of waste plastic and a bit of
tires process together that comes out
it's also a light or a little bit
heavier instead of wasting it in
landfill is better to get that back can
put it in your car here's a very
interesting part we got a very heavy oil
from Venezuela from pedobear so we got
10,000 lakes with this stuff in with
about 20 million pairs in each Lake
causing a loss problem we are making
ready again into product replacing in
the first instance 10,000 barrels of
diesel a day
that's a broad spectrum and we can
processes always in or react we can mix
it all together in process at the same
time which surprises many people in
resize very cycling industry the main
reason for me to be optimistic for it as
androids future it's obviously a
tremendous demand and interest of it
that we have created internationally we
have visitors
mainly on a weekly basis here most oil
producers have historically been dumping
the heavy part of the crude oil and that
is of course today creating a tremendous
environmental problem for them nor days
we do build refineries for crackers in
it what we got in casandra's technology
is really a mini cracker that we'll be
able to clean up the environment the
dumps know a huge problem for those
countries where we have this waste for
us it's a huge opportunity because we
will be making a product out of a waste